[NARRATOR] Previously
on Dragon Ball Z Kai!
Trunks and Goten blasted
their way through the
World Martial Arts Junior
Division competition.
Now, only one bout remains!
The junior champion
is crowned today!
♪ Opening Song ♪
[CROWD cheering]
[ANNOUNCER]
Unbelievable!
If these little dynamos are
a sign of things to come,
that fella Goku's
entourage is going
to make tournament history!
Yes! This--This is the gig
you wait your whole
career to emcee!
Y'know. They're not
half bad, huh?
Yeah, I gotta admit.
They're goin' a lot harder
than I expected them to.
Nice one, pal. Heh.
I don't know what
your training routine's like,
but it sure is workin' for ya.
[chuckles]
What can I say?
My brother's
a really good coach.
Yeah? He teach you
how to handle this?
He's not really gonna
fire off an energy blast, is he?
Gah! It'll plow
through the stands!
Think about
what you're doing!
Eh. I say let
him try one.
Don't worry. Give
'em a little credit.
I think they know their limits.
Ha!
Ah! Incoming!
Uh. Was that, like a meteor?
Not unless the kid was
hiding it in his back pocket.
Whew! Close shave, boys!
See?
[stammering]
I've seen that
move before!
You've got to be kidding!
[CROWD cheers]
Neat, huh?
Whaddya think?
I can do one
of those, too!
I haven't practiced
much, but I still can.
Heh.
Check this out.
Kamekame...
[laughs]
Yeah. That's not
how you say it.
[GOTEN]
Ha!
[ANNOUNCER]
Ah! Look out!
Oh wow.
Yeah, okay: that one was
a little close for comfort.
But hey, he's learning.
Uh, he's what?
Ooh, you're in trouble.
[laughs]
My aim needs some work.
Uh. No!
He's the spitting
image of that freak
who tried to upstage
me at the Cell Games!
[MALE SPECTATOR 10C]
So, apparently both kids keep
meteors in their pockets?
[MALE SPECTATOR 10D]
Th-Th-Th-This is uh, insane!
I say we nix
the energy blasts.
Just to be safe.
Don't want you
burning down the stadium.
I won't use 'em
if you don't, 'kay?
Whaddya say you
let me finish this before
the spectators
start getting bored?
[CROWD cheering]
This fight is mine!
I wouldn't bet
on it if I were you!
[BOTH yell]
Huh? Wait.
Hey, no fair.
Where'd he go?
Ta-da!
Oh, Trunks!
That's not cool!
You totally tricked me!
Let me go!
Fight it.
Come on.
You give up yet?
'Cause until you do,
I'm not lettin' go!
[MALE SPECTATOR 10E] Uh.
I'm just gonna say what we're
all thinking:
is flying even a legal move?
[MALE SPECTATOR 10F]
Uh. I got no idea.
[TRUNKS] What
are you waiting for?
Say you give up already!
If I squeeze you any tighter
you'll pop like a grape!
Ah! No way, dude.
Looks like we have a clear
winner, wouldn't you say?
C'mon, Goten!
Hang in there!
Ugh! Come on! It's over!
Whoa!
You mean he can turn into a
Super Saiyan at his age?
[GOHAN] Goten,
what have you done?
I hope you know
that's cheating!
Hmmm... ? Oh.
Well, it's not like
I told him to do it.
[MALE SPECTATOR 10G]
Am I crazy or was he
blond just a second ago?
[FEMALE SPECTATOR 10A]
Uh, yeah.
I was just about to say
something about that.
Um... All righty, then.
Somebody please wake me up.
[MR. SATAN]
No! It's really them!
They're here!
Those freaky dudes are back!
And-- And they
brought their kids, too!
Not cool, man.
We all agreed not to
go Super Saiyan
during the tournament, remember?
Uh. Yeah. Sorry.
I kinda got carried
away there for a second.
Well. Don't do it again.
As a matter of fact...
[chuckles]
I'm listening.
Let's make
this interesting.
Heh. See, I'm winning,
but now I'm gonna
do it without even
using my left hand.
Oh, really?
Well, bring it on!
You don't think I can?
"As a matter of fact" I don't!
Ugh! Fine! You know what?
I'm not gonna use mine!
Bring it on! Ha!
Way to go! Yeah!
Goten! Fight!
Come on!
C'mon, dude!
Please. Gimme somethin'!
[DIRECTOR 10A] The
prognosis had better be good.
Sorry.
I'm uh--not even
sure what's wrong with it.
Hey! Numbskull!
Tell me we've got
another camera!
Well. Yeah, we usually do,
but our backup's
on the blink, too.
Apparently every camera
in the arena's out of whack.
Darnedest thing I've ever seen.
Digital. Analog.
Disposable.
It's crazy, right?
This is an outrage!
We're watching the
fight of the century
and we can't get a single shot!
--Haaa!
--No way!
[MALE SPECTATOR 10I] Okay,
now that's definitely flight.
See, I thought so.
Look at this kid.
I'm not insane.
Huh. I guess he
didn't waste any time
mastering the art of
flying either, did he?
[KRILLIN]
Guess not.
So what's he gonna do?
[VIDEL] I knew it!
You big fat liar!
You were holding out on me
the whole time, weren't you?
How's he doing that?
I didn't teach
him anything
that I didn't teach you!
Yeah, right.
How'd he--
How did he get so good?
Here I come!
[TRUNKS] Ha! He's trying to
scope out my next move;
thinks he can use the speed
of his fall to put a little
more charge into whatever
his attack's gonna be.
Not a bad idea,
but he's still new at this.
Good luck
figuring me out, noob!
I gotta few tricks of my own!
[GOTEN yells]
[TRUNKS]
And crash landing!
Huh?
[GOTEN yells]
[ALL scream]
Uh-oh.
Ahh... What was that?
[laughs]
[yells]
[ANNOUNCER] Ladies and
gentlemen, we have a winner!
Trunks claims the
Junior Division victory
by tossing his opponent
out of the ring!
That's what I thought! Yeah!
Yeah! Great job, Trunks!
That's my boy!
Aw. This sucks.
Bah. They both fought admirably.
It's not whether you win or
lose, but how you play the--
[BULMA]
Don't even!
Cheater cheater pumpkin eater!
I thought you weren't
gonna use your left arm.
What was all that about, huh?
And you went Super Saiyan on me!
I should get a do-over!
Yeah. Sorry about that.
Heh.
I got kinda carried away
there for a second,
like this kid I was up against
in a tournament once.
Guess when the chips are down,
neither one of us can help it.
C'mon, though! It's not like
I hit you with my left arm.
Lighten up.
You had fun, right?
Just so we're square.
Tell you what: I'll give
you three of my toys.
Whoa, for real?
That'd be awesome!
Uh. I mean, I guess,
if you promise.
[VIDEL stammers]
So, uh. Both of 'em
can so Super Saiyan.
Huh. Those are
some impressive kids.
[VEGETA chuckles]
Too bad about
your boy, Kakarot.
I suppose some
children are just
genetically inferior
to their peers.
[GOKU laughs]
[MALE SPECTATOR 10C] Uh.
I'm not sure what I just saw,
but I'm thinkin' that was,
like, the greatest match ever.
Understatement of
the year right there.
[ANNOUNCER]
I don't know about you, folks,
but after a nail-biter like
that, I need some fluff!
How 'bout as a prelude
to the main event,
we pit our brand new
Junior Division champion,
Trunks, head to head
with none other than
Mr. Satan himself?
[CROWD chanting]
Mister!
Satan!
[MR. SATAN stammers]
Oh no!
[groans]
[CROWD continues]
Mister! Satan!
[MR. SATAN]
I am so up a creek.
[CROWD] Mister! Satan!
Mister! Satan!
Heh. I hope he has
an exit plan. Right?
I'll bet he'll just cry
foul like he always does.
[laughs]
Trunks is going to
wipe the floor with this fool.
Those guys!
What a bunch of kidders!
[CROWD] Mister! Satan!
Mister! Satan!
All right!
Lucky you, huh?
My...
It's quite the formidable
tyke you're up against.
The odds are, however
this pans out,
you'll have a major
crowd pleaser.
[laughs]
Yeah. I'm gonna have to
watch myself out there.
[laughs]
Oh, sure.
No. Really.
[BOTH laugh]
[MR. SATAN] What do I do?
This kid's gonna tear me apart!
Care for a small
break before
we get this show on the road?
Nah.
I'm good.
All righty, then.
It's time to bring out
the World Champion!
Break a leg
out there, Champ.
[MR. SATAN yells]
Yeah-ah! Satan!
Go get 'im, Champ!
Yeah! What's this I hear
about some whiney
two-bit punk who thinks he's
got what it takes to beat me?
[CROWD] Mister! Satan!
Mister! Satan!
[laughs]
This can't be the guy!
I got combs bigger
than you! Yeah!
[MR. SATAN] I'm a dead man!
I'm a dead man!
Wait, no.
Maybe this is all
just a bad dream.
Maybe I'm about to
wake up at home in bed.
[TRUNKS]
This is the World Champion?
Hm.
Guess this is what
my mom's talking about
when she says you can't
judge a book by its cover.
Show 'em all what
you're made of, Trunks!
Knock it off with
all the encouragement!
The runt doesn't
need a cheerleader!
Well... things look
just about wrapped up.
So do you guys wanna head
down and start getting ready?
Might as well.
There's really
no point staying here.
Wait, what? Seriously?
So, there's nothing
you might wanna see?
Like, maybe, one of
your own in the ring
with the strongest man
in the world?
Oh! Yeah!
Good point there!
Should be worth a look!
After all, it's not
every day that you, uh--
[GOKU] Well, see
two you down there.
Oh yeah!
[MR. SATAN]
Yeah!
[TRUNKS] Okay.
What was that all about?
This guy's moves
look totally weak!
Nah. He's the
World Champion, right?
He must just be putting on
an act to catch me off guard.
Better get ready.
Ugh! Kid! What's with
all the gymnastics?
It's not like it's a real fight!
See. In the business we call
this kinda thing filler.
We don't wanna
bore the fans, y'know?
Eh? Eh?
[chuckles nervously]
Whatever. A fight's
a fight, old man.
Oh, come on!
Work with me here!
Just quit acting like a child!
I am a child, hello!
Why you--You stubborn
little rug rat!
Stop messin' around
already! I am serious!
[TRUNKS]
So am I.
Excuse me, gentlemen,
but these people
are waiting to see a show.
Perhaps it'd be a good
idea to give them one?
Hah! You say the kid
will give Mr. Satan
a run for his money and
I say you're full of it!
Nobody said he'd beat
him; I mean c'mon,
this is the man
who clobbered Cell.
Take this
clown to school!
[MR. SATAN] I'm a dead man!
I'm a dead man! I'm a dead man!
Wait! No I'm not.
[groans]
Aaah!
Something appears to be
amiss with Mr. Satan!
An old sports injury come
back to haunt you?
Take my word for it, buddy,
you said a mouthful.
Ever since Cell,
I haven't been the same.
Oh, the humanity!
I had no idea!
I've been keeping
it a secret,
but the truth is Cell did
some kinda number on my knee.
Flares up sometimes.
Have no fear, we've got
a specialist on staff.
Let's bring him out!
Hey, whadda know?
False alarm!
Ha! Funny thing
about this knee:
uh, it fixes itself as
quickly as it flares up.
We should be good
to go now, I think.
Are you absolutely sure?
Uh, yeah.
There you have it, my friends.
You can't keep
a good man down!
[MR. SATAN] This--This
is really happening.
The whole world's about
to see its hero get
his lunch eaten by
a pug-nosed toddler.
I'll be a laughing stock.
Wait! Wait, that's it!
He's a kid! No one really
expects me to fight a kid!
I'll spin it like I let him win!
Are you ready?
Gimme just a second!
Here's the deal.
Forget what I said.
The thing is, I didn't tell you
about the special salutation
we're supposed to give each
other going into this match.
Why's it special?
Ah, well! It's
different than one
you'd give
before a normal match.
When they give us
the word, you stick out
your fist and
give me a lil' nudge.
Got it?
Now, when I say lil' nudge.
That's exactly what I mean.
Shouldn't even tickle.
You read me?
Now listen,
it's very important
you understand me on this!
It's not a punch.
It's a salutation.
I get ya.
I gotta be gentle.
All right, blondie!
Let's get on with it!
[laughs]
Sorry for the hold up, folks.
Boy was anglin'
for an autograph.
I told him he'd get one
after he'd cleaned my clock.
Right. That makes sense.
On with the show!
Ladies and gentlemen,
prepare yourselves
for the David and Goliath match!
Mr. Satan versus the
Junior Division champion!
Yeah!
Boy! Do your worst!
[CROWD cheering]
[giggles]
Oh, what's this I see?
Is he throwing caution
to the wind and actually
allowing his opponent
to take the first swing?
Absolutely unbelievable!
His composure is amazing!
--Atta boy!
--Show 'em who's boss!
[TRUNKS]
Nudge.
You've gotta be...
kidding me.
Ugh! That boy's
really gotta learn
how to pull his punches.
[NARRATOR] The Junior
Division title bout
may have been a photo finish,
but the showdown between
Trunks and Mr. Satan
paints a very different
picture indeed.
Is the fight over
before it's even begun?
Find out,
next Dragon Ball Z Kai!
♪ Closing Song ♪
[GOKU]
Hey! It's me, Goku!
When we first got here,
I was so confident
we'd win I was
sorta disappointed.
Now, though, I'm not so sure.
Just how I like it!
[TRUNKS] Hey, Goten,
I gotta a plan.
The two of us hijack
that goofy masked guy's
getup and enter
the real tournament!
[GOKU] Next time
on Dragon Ball Z Kai!
[GOHAN] Is it just me,
or are we up against
some real weirdos
this time around?